March dev-update (#52)
comit-network/comit.network: blog/2020-04-02-march-dev-update.md

---
title:  "March, 2020 - Dev Update"
author: daniel
author_url: https://github.com/da-kami
author_image_url: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/5557790
tags: [dev-update]
---

> The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.
>
> — Jandy Nelson

[Join us for the next COMIT Community ☕️](https://meet.jit.si/COMIT-Community-Coffee-04-2020) today, 7pm Sydney time, or listen in on [youtube](https://youtu.be/DHbGsf9i8TM)!

> Today's community coffee we will reflect on the first quarter of this year with a focus on Lightning Network (layer 2) integration into COMIT.

Reviewer: :wrench: 
```suggestion
On today's community coffee we will reflect on the first quarter of this year with a focus on Lightning Network (layer 2) integration into COMIT.
```

> We will discuss advantages and possible pitfalls. 

Reviewer: :question: Advantages of what?
:thinking: Rather than "possible pitfalls" I would maybe frame it as "technical challenges we encountered", unless you're referring to something else and I'm missing the point.

> We will discuss advantages and possible pitfalls. 

Author: ```suggestion
We will discuss technical challenges we encountered.
```

> Furthermore, we will discuss decentralised order-book solutions and what we want to tackle in the second quarter.

Reviewer: :upside_down_face: 
```suggestion
Furthermore, we will discuss what we are planning to tackle in the second quarter, including decentralised order-book solutions.
```

<!--truncate-->

We are moving fast.

> But sometimes things need time - the Lightning integration into the COMIT core is almost done... and will be finished shortly.

Reviewer: :laughing: 
```suggestion
But sometimes things need time - the Lightning integration into the COMIT core is almost done... and will be finished ~soon~ shortly.
```

> But sometimes things need time - the Lightning integration into the COMIT core is almost done... and will be finished shortly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But sometimes things need time - the Lightning integration into the COMIT core is almost done... and will be finished soon.
```

In order to speed things up for integrating Lightning we now have a squad of three people working on that task only.

> With the focus squad you can be expected within the next week.

Reviewer: :question: What do you mean here?

> With the focus squad you can be expected within the next week.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't make sense grammatically I think. What we can be expected?

> Once the [Lightning integration epic](https://github.com/coblox/admin/issues/158) is closed it's done! Stay tuned.

Reviewer 2: This statement is true but suggests that this ticket will be closed next week, which is not going to be the case.

The [proof of concept for Grin-BTC swaps](https://github.com/comit-network/grin-btc-poc) was successfully finished by the end of March.

> We are not moving on to integrating the solution outlined in th proof of concept into the core of COMIT.

Reviewer: :wrench: 

```suggestion
We are now moving on to integrating the solution outlined in the proof of concept into cnd.
```

> We are not moving on to integrating the solution outlined in th proof of concept into the core of COMIT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are not moving on to integrating the solution outlined in the proof of concept into the core of COMIT.
```

Who said that we are not moving on with this? I am confused.

Reviewer 3: Yes, it's the opposite: we will integrate it into cnd :)

Author: sorry for that, already fixed 😅

> We are already very excited on integrating privacy preserving swaps as new protocol powered by scriptless scripts.

Reviewer: :upside_down_face: 
```suggestion
We are very excited to be getting close to having privacy preserving swaps powered by scriptless scripts in COMIT.
```

> We are already very excited on integrating privacy preserving swaps as new protocol powered by scriptless scripts.

Reviewer 2: I think there is a dash missing here.
```suggestion
We are already very excited on integrating privacy-preserving swaps as a new protocol powered by scriptless scripts.
```

> We started investing time using our own tools to improve them and learn from them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this last quarter we also invested time into using our own [app development](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app) [tools](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-js-sdk), to improve them and learn from them.
```

You can have a first glimpse of the results of a [BTC-DAI swap app prototype](https://github.com/comit-network/app).

The documentation is still improving on our homepage.

> Additionally the homepage will soon get a new improved start-page. Stay tuned!

Reviewer: :upside_down_face: 
```suggestion
Additionally the homepage will soon get a new and improved landing page. Keep on staying tuned!
```
The last bit is just a little funny comment since you said "stay tuned" a couple of paragraphs up :stuck_out_tongue:

Happy hacking,

— Daniel

If you want to take a closer look at what we did last month, here are the GitHub issues closed in January from our main repositories:

- [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+sort%3Aupdated-desc+closed%3A2020-03-01..2020-03-31)
- [create-comit-app](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+sort%3Aupdated-desc+closed%3A2020-03-01..2020-03-31)
- [comit-js-sdk](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-js-sdk/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+sort%3Aupdated-desc+closed%3A2020-03-01..2020-03-31)

> - [blockchain-contracts](https://github.com/comit-network/blockchain-contracts/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+sort%3Aupdated-desc+closed%3A2020-03-01..2020-03-31)

Reviewer: Clicking on this last link is not all that impressive lol. Maybe we should leave it out?

Author: good point, I'll remove them :)
